I want to destroy the imagination of all
children I have a plan
I will trap Alice in Wonderland for
about - no I'm landing m'lady and
reading my favorite books Harry put up
the Cat in the Hat run a frame and a
dish you under them okay I love her but
I want that book um okay I think you'll
enjoy it
anyway this is my fifth irony here oh
what's that
where did you get it sister what to do
aha technology I look at these minions
you are under my control all of you
leave now
what are she doing with those books this
is a catastrophe
now destroy all books in the house will
be stuck you wonder man forever oh my
gosh Katie's anesthesia she's the queen
of hearts I knew them something funny
about her when she started at new at
school to see minions get her she has
books they must be destroyed
yes your majesty
I think I'll be saving here but I can't
believe people aren't reading books
anymore
Oh Amy cutter the character you can't be
real you brought me suck come on I have
seen your rating uncontrollably they're
not paying any attention to anything
between the participant book
now we'll help you to figure cleanup I
should bring back books I highly help me
I please we'll find a way but I think
you need some help
give me your keys in Armenia POTUS has
trade off
see I have my friends challenge I have
Ronan Rona bring
please me shut-in behalf and Alice in
wonder this is amazing
honey you anything like thank you
okay guys now it's time time the one
thing to get it back I will help you
distract the minions rah rah on Alison
Amy you go steal the students ions let's
go it's where she hit the books I'm good
to take them and give them back to this
road
now to this check and I'll fly around on
my blue oh my goodness ah my plan isn't
working children have their books back
the imaginations gonna come back what's
happening
did you see something
the queen is disappeared because she
doesn't have enough power anyone is good
friend education but children can't
forget about books because reading is
supported my god are you ready to return
to your books yes I have an idea
airing up the episode there has to be
Sun lighted books and technology can be
used together at the same time
so how may I help you hi Alice Rogers
Apple can invent an app which allows
children to rate while using technology
taps like an aerator that's a villain
Swasey oh we gotta run immediately cut
in half hey that looks like a cool book
I want that book